hello fellow Star Wars and McDonald's
Happy Meal fans and collectors just want
to share with you the brand new
McDonald's Happy Meal toy promotion from
McDonald's of course featuring toys from
Star Wars and Nickelodeon's iCarly now I
don't really care for iCarly
my sister loves iCarly i watch it
sometimes when I see her watch it there
has been a few Star Wars references
there but we're not going to do iCarly
no no no we're gonna do Star Wars baby
so unfortunately as you're looking at as
you're watching this video right now
you're seeing me holding a bag and of
course Happy Meal toy fans everywhere
and collectors love the Happy Meal toy
boxes I really miss and I really wish
they had the Happy Meal toy box for this
for the Star Wars and icarly promotion I
couldn't care less for iCarly like I
said but come on for Star Wars but at
least we still have some really cool
graphics here we've got Darth Vader
looks like an animated Darth Vader to me
and the Yoda got a Jedi scramble here
got r2 and 3po on the side and help
defend the world from Darth Vader the
kid with the lightsaber on the
Millennium Falcon does not make sense
because it's supposed to be Luke in an
x-wing or at least a Jedi Starfighter
and you know of course when your pocket
when you think in the morning Falcon you
think of Han Solo and Chewie not a Jedi
so anyway that's a little mystic sorry I
couldn't help but notice that so of
course it says your printer star wars
target and see the force come to life
with cool 3d my vision mcdee vision only
at Happy Meal clock so I used to need to
check that out on the other side of
course iCarly which we don't really care
about so anyway um talk like Yoda can
you age matters not strong with the
force you are right there says right
there okay cool
and of course the next Happy Meal toy
promotion is under the bag it says here
it's dreamworks is How to Train Your
Dragon Happy Meal which looks really
cool I'm set up for that anyway we're
talking about we're talking about Star
Wars baby so this is a Star Wars Happy
Meal bag and
I have the first few toys I have number
one Anakin Skywalker which is that
little toy keeper okay number one right
there Anakin can see him right there
phone Wars and he does come with a cool
temporary tattoo of the episode three
Anakin and number two I have Jedi
Starfighter which is obi-wan said I
Starfighter a little toy and launcher
there so I'll be reviewing these in
separate videos very soon so watch out
for that so on until then this promotion
just to let you guys know the Happy Meal
Star Wars slash icarly tour promotion
started last Friday and so make sure you
head to your local McDonald's and like I
said if you don't want to buy the Happy
Meal which i think is still a great deal
if you're just eating once in a while
you get burger fries and maybe apple
slices or milk instead of a soda and you
know you get a really good deal with a
toy a free toy as well if you don't want
to buy the happiness you can buy the toy
separately just ask and you can ask also
if you're doing the drive-thru or you're
going to the store ask if you can see
what Star Wars toys they have available
or what particular happy employees they
have available this is for any Happy
Meal promotion ask them what toys they
have they can show you and you can just
buy the toys individually if you don't
want to buy the food or if you're not
hungry
so that's pretty much it this promotion
will usually go I think until probably
the the last third week of March or may
be at the end of March who knows it
it may switch before then but there are
eight toys available check out the
website Happy Meal calm to see all the
toys all eight toys from Star Wars and
very very cool it's very fun I love that
McDonald's is doing Star Wars again and
hopefully who knows maybe we'll see
something around May again and be nice
for the 30th anniversary of the Empire
Strikes Back or later in the year for
Clone Wars again thank you guys for
watching and I hope you guys enjoy this
video until next time may the force be
with you bye